ViewModels: Fix error texture bug (#1468)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fixed the AFK timer accumulating while player not fully joined (by @EntranceJew)

> - Fixed view models of some weapons having an error texture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed weapons which set a custom view model texture having an error texture
```
we know which weapons are affected so we should mention this
